[STARK]
So that's Auberst,
c0000001
the largest magical city
in the Northern Lands.
c0000002
[FRIEREN]
We still have a long way to go.
c0000003
Let's hope we can hitch
a ride on a carriage.
c0000004
♪
c0000005
So, we'll stay there
until you can get your
c0000006
first-class mage certification,
c0000007
then enter
the Northern Plateau.
c0000008
I don't think there's
any particular reason
c0000009
I have to be the one
to get certified.
c0000010
I won't be able to use it
for long, anyway.
c0000011
[FRIEREN]
You should take the test, Fern.
c0000012
You really don't know
this stuff, do you?
c0000013
[FERN]
Not just anyone can pass.
c0000014
Of all the skilled mages
out there,
c0000015
only a fraction have
ever reached the rank
c0000016
of first class.
c0000017
I certainly couldn't do it.
c0000018
Ah.
c0000019
Interesting.
c0000020
You don't sound interested.
c0000021
[STARK]
I should've asked sooner,
c0000022
but why do we need
to be accompanied
c0000023
by a crazy-powerful mage
to enter the Northern Plateau?
c0000024
[FRIEREN] To increase
the chances of survival.
c0000025
That area has long been home
to many cunning,
c0000026
magic-using monsters
like the Einsam.
c0000027
There was as time
when you wouldn't have dreamed
c0000028
of crossing it without both
a skilled mage and a priest.
c0000029
The travel restrictions
they have in place suggest
c0000030
that danger is on the rise
again in the region.
c0000031
Something fairly serious
must be happening
c0000032
out on the Plateau.
c0000033
We can find out more
about the exam
c0000034
once we arrive in the city.
c0000035
But according to Fern,
there will be a combat element.
c0000036
I should contemplate
strategies.
c0000037
Surely you'll be fine, though.
c0000038
With power like yours,
any test should be a breeze.
c0000039
Even when you
are suppressing it,
c0000040
your mana is still that
of an experienced old mage.
c0000041
I'll thank you
not to call me an old mage.
c0000042
Aw, and now she's sulking.
c0000043
You couldn't have found
some other way
c0000044
to describe her than that?
c0000045
Fine, I apologize.
c0000046
It's better than calling me
an old hag,
c0000047
like someone else once did.
c0000048
[STARK]
How long ago was that?
c0000049
[FRIEREN]
Forget it, nap time.
c0000050
Wake me up
when we get to Auberst.
c0000051
Sheesh.
c0000052
Never mind.
c0000053
Why?
Is something wrong?
c0000054
[FRIEREN] My view of the sky
was partially obscured.
c0000055
[STARK]
What?
c0000056
Just so you know, Fern,
mana is far from the only thing
c0000057
that determines
a mage's strength.
c0000058
[FRIEREN]
Technique and experience,
c0000059
the spells they use,
their control.
c0000060
Never mind tenacity and effort.
c0000061
Some of those sound
more like warrior traits.
c0000062
[FRIEREN]
Finally, there's talent.
c0000063
All of these factors
come into play.
c0000064
In my life, I've lost
eleven times to mages
c0000065
who had less mana than I did.
c0000066
Four of those times
were to demons.
c0000067
[FERN]
Including Qual, years ago.
c0000068
One loss
was to an elf like me,
c0000069
and the remaining six
were to humans.
c0000070
I should have eyes
on the graf's city
c0000071
before much longer.
c0000072
[UBEL] The road to Auberst
hasn't been an easy one.
c0000073
Guess I'll take a little break.
c0000074
[MALE BANDIT 18A]
That's an awfully nice staff
c0000075
you've got there.
c0000076
Oh, what's this?
c0000077
Yet another group
of filthy bandits?
c0000078
[UBEL] You'd think
things would be peaceful
c0000079
now that Aura's been defeated.
c0000080
Instead, we just get
a different kind of trouble.
c0000081
Save your speeches, lady,
just hand over the goods and...
c0000082
[grunts]
c0000083
♪
c0000084
You bastard!
c0000085
[grunts]
c0000086
c0000087
♪
c0000088
If you value your lives,
then I suggest you leave.
c0000089
[groans]
c0000090
Let's get out of here.
c0000091
[sighs]
c0000092
[UBEL]
My hero, thanks for the rescue.
c0000093
I'm Ubel the Mage, by the way.
c0000094
And I'm Kraft the Monk.
c0000095
Nice ears,
you must be an elf.
c0000096
I've never met
one of your kind before.
c0000097
You have the flat eyes
of a killer.
c0000098
Rescuing you
wasn't my goal here.
c0000099
[KRAFT] I found
the torn-up bodies of bandits
c0000100
in the woods nearby.
c0000101
They'd been killed by a mage.
c0000102
One with tremendous skill.
c0000103
[UBEL]
Ah, I see.
c0000104
So you came
to lecture me, then?
c0000105
No lecture,
I'm just an adventurer.
c0000106
I won't criticize you
for defending yourself,
c0000107
though the cost was high.
c0000108
[KRAFT] I was simply
saving what lives I could.
c0000109
You're a shrewd old man,
how boring.
c0000110
[KRAFT]
Are you on the road to Auberst?
c0000111
Yeah.
c0000112
I'm taking the first class
mage certification exam.
c0000113
Interesting,
that was Frieren's plan, too.
c0000114
[KRAFT] She should have
some good stories to share
c0000115
the next time we meet.
c0000116
[FEMALE CLERK 18A] The exam
will take place in two months.
c0000117
This will be your last chance
for some time,
c0000118
as it is only administered once
every three years.
c0000119
Also, a fifth-class mage
or higher certification
c0000120
is required to sit the exam.
c0000121
[FRIEREN]
Well, Fern, it's up to you.
c0000122
Mistress Frieren,
I can't do this alone.
c0000123
Sure you can.
c0000124
And what happens if I fail?
c0000125
Are we going to wait
three years for the next exam?
c0000126
We'll either hire ourselves
a first-class mage,
c0000127
or travel by sea.
c0000128
That would be incredibly
expensive, though.
c0000129
We wouldn't be able
to afford snacks anymore.
c0000130
But I don't have
any kind of certification.
c0000131
Wait...
c0000132
[FRIEREN]
I do have my holy emblem.
c0000133
Will that work?
c0000134
[FERN] I still don't get the
significance of that antique.
c0000135
[LERNEN]
Excuse me.
c0000136
Might I take a look
at that pendant, please?
c0000137
♪
c0000138
[gasps]
c0000139
[clears throat]
c0000140
Correct me if I'm wrong, but
are you here for the mage exam?
c0000141
[both gasp]
c0000142
[FRIEREN] Looks like I get
to take it after all.
c0000143
I'm surprised
there's anyone around
c0000144
who still knows what this is.
c0000145
[FERN] He acted like
it was something impressive.
c0000146
[FRIEREN]
Well, it's supposed to be.
c0000147
[HIMMEL] Frieren, you're not
part of a magic guild, are you?
c0000148
The organizations
that manage magic
c0000149
are constantly changing.
c0000150
[FRIEREN] I can't join a new
one every time they do.
c0000151
Huh.
c0000152
[FRIEREN] Besides,
I have this to identify me.
c0000153
A genuine holy emblem,
impressive, right?
c0000154
I have no clue
what this rusty thing is.
c0000155
-Heiter?
-None at all.
c0000156
♪
c0000157
Fine.
c0000158
[FRIEREN] But this is the only
thing that proves I'm a mage,
c0000159
so if you don't recognize it...
c0000160
[smiles]
c0000161
[HIMMEL] Frieren, we may not
understand the significance
c0000162
of that necklace.
c0000163
But still, we know
what you're capable of,
c0000164
and we know that
you're an incredible mage.
c0000165
Isn't that enough?
c0000166
[FRIEREN]
You'll die so soon, though.
c0000167
[smiles]
c0000168
[indistinct chatter]
c0000169
[FERN]
Mistress Frieren.
c0000170
We may not know
what that thing is,
c0000171
but we do know that
you're an incredible mage.
c0000172
[FRIEREN]
Good point, Fern.
c0000173
[birds chirping]
c0000174
[FRIEREN] According to the
Continental Magic Association,
c0000175
a person becomes a proper mage
c0000176
once they have achieved
at least a fifth-class ranking.
c0000177
Why did you get
a third-class certification?
c0000178
It was the one with the
soonest available testing date.
c0000179
Apparently, there are 600 mages
c0000180
who are at least fifth-class.
c0000181
If you include apprentices
from sixth to ninth class,
c0000182
there are 2,000 mages total.
c0000183
[FRIEREN]
Among them, 45 are first-class.
c0000184
That exam is held
every three years.
c0000185
Here, at the northern branch
in Auberst
c0000186
and at the headquarters
in the holy city of Strahl.
c0000187
Many years, no one
passes the test at all.
c0000188
Injury and death
are expected outcomes.
c0000189
Sounds moderately challenging.
c0000190
Either way, there are a lot
fewer mages around these days.
c0000191
[FERN]
There used to be more of us?
c0000192
[FRIEREN] A century ago,
when the Demon King's
c0000193
attacks intensified,
you would almost certainly
c0000194
encounter at least one mage
c0000195
while strolling through
any given town.
c0000196
These days, you hardly see them
outside of the magic cities.
c0000197
Oh.
c0000198
[FRIEREN] There are
two months until the exam.
c0000199
We should spend them training.
c0000200
♪
c0000201
[GENAU]
Attention, please.
c0000202
The first-class mage exam
will begin momentarily.
c0000203
This year's test-takers
seem rather exceptional.
c0000204
[FALSCH] There's Wirbel,
a second-class mage
c0000205
and the captain
of the Northern Magic Corps.
c0000206
He's fought against
the remnants
c0000207
of the Demon King's forces
for years now.
c0000208
That crafty looking
older gentleman passed
c0000209
the second-class exam
with flying colors.
c0000210
He became an imperial mage
after surviving
c0000211
a bloody power struggle.
c0000212
Denken will be one to watch.
c0000213
And then we have Fern,
the youngest mage
c0000214
to ever receive
a third-class certification
c0000215
with top marks.
c0000216
Undoubtedly a good egg.
c0000217
But we have bad eggs, too.
c0000218
That girl is Ubel.
c0000219
She's a third-class mage
who was disqualified
c0000220
from the second-class exam
two years ago,
c0000221
when she killed the first-class
mage who proctored it.
c0000222
My.
c0000223
See any other promising faces?
c0000224
Huh?
c0000225
[FALSCH] That woman
is radiating the mana
c0000226
of an experienced old mage.
c0000227
-Know her?
-I don't.
c0000228
Listen closely.
c0000229
I will now announce the
content of your first trial.
c0000230
[GENAU] You will not be tested
on your own, but as a party.
c0000231
The 57 exam-takers
will be split up
c0000232
into groups of three.
c0000233
We will now assign
your parties.
c0000234
[FRIEREN]
Interesting.
c0000235
They're engraved with numbers.
c0000236
Seems I'm in the second
party, then.
c0000237
Imbuing the bracelets
with mana allows us
c0000238
to quickly locate
our teammates.
c0000239
A unique alternative
to reading off names.
c0000240
This should be amusing,
to say the least.
c0000241
These party compositions
are far from normal.
c0000242
You're bound to end up
with groups of magical misfits
c0000243
that can't work together
c0000244
and struggle
to relinquish control.
c0000245
First impressions
are important, here.
c0000246
I should be careful
not to make any waves.
c0000247
I sense my teammates'
bracelets nearby.
c0000248
[KANNE]
Okay, that's enough, already!
c0000249
Ow, ow, ow!
c0000250
You're gonna rip them
off my head, you jerk!
c0000251
I'm gonna kill you,
you hear me?
c0000252
-I dare you.
-Ow! Get off!
c0000253
[FRIEREN]
Violence has been chosen.
c0000254
Nice to meet ya.
c0000255
It's nice to meet you, too.
c0000256
[birds chirping]
c0000257
Now that we've reached
the testing area,
c0000258
I will explain
your instructions.
c0000259
[GENAU] This place is home
to a small species of bird
c0000260
known as the Stille.
c0000261
As you can see, each party
has been given one cage.
c0000262
There are two conditions
you must fulfill
c0000263
to pass this initial test.
c0000264
The first of which
is by sunset tomorrow,
c0000265
your cage
must contain a Stille.
c0000266
-[KANNE] Get away from me!
-[GENAU] The second requirement
c0000267
is that all party members
c0000268
are present at that time.
c0000269
For the most part,
you are free to do as you wish,
c0000270
but if anyone is foolish enough
to leave the testing area,
c0000271
they and their entire party
will be failed immediately.
c0000272
That shouldn't be a problem,
considering there's a barrier
c0000273
around the testing site
that not so much
c0000274
as a speck of dust
could get through.
c0000275
We're stuck,
whether we wanna be or not.
c0000276
You two were listening
through your combat.
c0000277
[GENAU] Ready yourselves,
the first test begins now.
c0000278
Before we do anything,
we need to come up with
c0000279
-a solid plan!
-How stupid are you?
c0000280
A plan won't do us any good
if we can't find a bird
c0000281
-in the first place!
-Violence is the default.
c0000282
[groans]
c0000283
Why don't we get moving,
and introduce ourselves
c0000284
while we're at it?
c0000285
[grunting]
c0000286
[FRIEREN]
Also?
c0000287
Use rock-paper-scissors
to decide
c0000288
who will carry the cage.
c0000289
[grunts]
c0000290
You can call me Frieren.
And you are?
c0000291
Lawine,
I am a third-class mage.
c0000292
I'm Kanne, I'm a third-class
mage like she is.
c0000293
The two of us go way back.
c0000294
We graduated
from the same magic school.
c0000295
[FRIEREN] Did they happen
to teach you anything
c0000296
about the Stille there?
c0000297
-[LAWINE] No.
-[KANNE] Nuh-uh.
c0000298
I have a fair bit
of knowledge on them,
c0000299
but I've never seen one
in person before.
c0000300
Let's start by finding
a Stille and observing it.
c0000301
♪
c0000302
[KANNE]
I'm exhausted.
c0000303
You are so undisciplined.
c0000304
I think we could all
use a break.
c0000305
Since I feel all right,
I'll check things out up ahead.
c0000306
It's way safer for everyone
if we stay together.
c0000307
Yeah, great idea, if you want
to waste all our time.
c0000308
Lawine, are you strong?
c0000309
Stronger than her.
c0000310
You wanna fight, huh?
c0000311
Are you stronger than me?
c0000312
[groans]
c0000313
[LAWINE] I wouldn't
want to fight you, no.
c0000314
[FRIEREN]
I see, fine.
c0000315
Go on, then.
c0000316
Come back if it starts
looking too dangerous.
c0000317
Right.
c0000318
And make sure
that you watch the skies.
c0000319
Way ahead of you.
c0000320
[sighs]
c0000321
[FRIEREN] I fear
the worst for this party.
c0000322
Wow, Frieren,
you're kinda like our teacher.
c0000323
And you're a super good
leader, too.
c0000324
Your constant fighting
has thrust me into the role.
c0000325
I'd rather not be in charge.
c0000326
Yeah, I'm sorry.
c0000327
For whatever reason, we've
kinda always been like this.
c0000328
But real quick,
what did you mean by that?
c0000329
-Why watch the skies?
-I meant exactly what I said.
c0000330
Do you detect mana well?
c0000331
Uh, why?
c0000332
[LAWINE]
Hey.
c0000333
[FRIEREN]
That was quick.
c0000334
I came across a Stille.
c0000335
[FRIEREN]
Nicely done, Lawine.
c0000336
Now watch it closely.
c0000337
♪
c0000338
I told you to watch it,
not catch it.
c0000339
It's going to fly away.
c0000340
[LAWINE]
I think not.
c0000341
That's pretty nice work, Kanne.
c0000342
Ah, not bad.
c0000343
But you really should get down
before it's too late.
c0000344
Huh?
What for?
c0000345
♪
c0000346
-[grunting]
-[water splashing]
c0000347
Stille are incredible
little creatures.
c0000348
At top speed, they move
faster than sound itself.
c0000349
[FRIEREN] Trying to restrain
one like that is pointless.
c0000350
[LAWINE] It was right there,
we almost had it.
c0000351
[KANNE]
We were so close.
c0000352
Capturing one is going
to require careful observation.
c0000353
We'll use the remainder
of the day
c0000354
to learn more
about their behavior.
c0000355
[FRIEREN] Kanne used her magic
to control the water
c0000356
and Lawine used hers
to freeze it.
c0000357
Their timing
was perfectly coordinated.
c0000358
Superb teamwork indeed.
c0000359
You couldn't achieve
something like that overnight.
c0000360
I was worried
for a while there,
c0000361
but this might actually work.
c0000362
Let's go find it.
c0000363
They must like the lake,
we should stay here!
c0000364
[LAWINE] If we waste time
on your assumptions,
c0000365
-we'll lose it!
-[FRIEREN] Or maybe not.
c0000366
The violence prevails.
c0000367
♪
c0000368
[rain splattering]
c0000369
[sighs]
c0000370
Do you guys hear that sound?
c0000371
Huh?
c0000372
[KANNE]
Where'd Frieren go?
c0000373
You can barely hear it,
c0000374
but it sounds like rain,
all right.
c0000375
It's clearly not raining, so?
c0000376
Oh, I see.
c0000377
This must mean
that we're close to the...
c0000378
[gasps]
c0000379
♪
c0000380
A monster!
c0000381
[grunts]
c0000382
My staff.
c0000383
La... Lawine!
c0000384
♪
c0000385
[explosion]
c0000386
[thudding]
c0000387
That would be why I told you
to watch the skies.
c0000388
Oh... Right.
c0000389
Feeling calmer?
c0000390
Hm.
c0000391
You called
Lawine's name just then.
c0000392
Yeah.
c0000393
But you don't like Lawine,
do you?
c0000394
No, I don't.
c0000395
Clearly.
c0000396
So, explain to me
how the two of you
c0000397
work so well together.
c0000398
[FRIEREN]
I'm curious.
c0000399
From time to time,
I can be a coward.
c0000400
In the past,
whenever a critical moment
c0000401
has popped up,
I completely freeze.
c0000402
[KANNE]
It happened the very first time
c0000403
that I had to cast
a flying spell.
c0000404
♪
c0000405
Thanks to someone's
nail biting,
c0000406
the others are way ahead of us.
c0000407
You'll have
the water beneath you,
c0000408
so it's not like you'll die.
c0000409
If you don't have the courage
to do it, I could kick you.
c0000410
I hate your guts, Lawine.
c0000411
[LAWINE]
I'm well aware.
c0000412
[KANNE] I would be braver
if you weren't always
c0000413
so mean to me.
c0000414
I'm the kind of person
who needs praise
c0000415
to blossom, you know.
c0000416
You must be kidding.
c0000417
This is a prime example
of why parents
c0000418
shouldn't baby their kids
like little princesses.
c0000419
[LAWINE]
But if it'll help you fly,
c0000420
I'll be as nice as you want.
c0000421
Then tell me my strengths.
c0000422
If you wanted to kill me,
you should've done it by now.
c0000423
[groans]
c0000424
[LAWINE] Even though
you're a complete coward,
c0000425
you try really hard.
c0000426
Huh?
c0000427
You wanted
to hear your strength.
c0000428
Yeah, but...tell me some more.
c0000429
What? Seriously?
c0000430
♪
c0000431
[LAWINE] You work hard
even when no one's watching,
c0000432
and you're always
very considerate
c0000433
of the world around you.
c0000434
More, please.
c0000435
[groans]
c0000436
[LAWINE] I guess that
you're cute when you smile.
c0000437
[KANNE]
Huh? Gross.
c0000438
[screams]
c0000439
Yikes, close call.
c0000440
I told you, see?
c0000441
That wasn't so terrifying,
was it?
c0000442
Now that you can fly,
I'm done being nice.
c0000443
Lawine's rough
around the edges,
c0000444
but she somehow
always pulls me along.
c0000445
She taught me I can do
most anything if I go for it,
c0000446
no matter how scared
I might feel inside.
c0000447
[smiles]
c0000448
[KANNE]
Before you go, Frieren...
c0000449
Listen...I noticed something
that might be handy.
c0000450
Do you think
it could be useful?
c0000451
Yes, I do, excellent find.
c0000452
We might be able to capture
a Stille, after all.
c0000453
[LAUFEN]
There's something wrong.
c0000454
[LAWINE] Fine, let's do this.
c0000455
[RICHTER]They're all amateurs.
[FRIEREN]Someone's detected us.
c0000456
-[UBEL] It's time to spill a
little blood. -[KANNE] Shut up.
c0000457
[DENKEN] This is the second
party's well-laid plan.